My goods
Sorry, I'm sorry.
Are you all right?
Ok ok this lady
Now that the painting has been damaged
Then this deal is over
Mr. Liu, what does this mean?
We have already negotiated the price.
I have transferred the money to Liu Xin just now.
Now this painting is mine.
I broke it, and I will ask for compensation.
Miss Song, transfer 28 million
I don't know if I can be lenient
Not today.
That's what my father always wanted.
That's why you gave me so much money
If I don't bring my things back today
You have to bring the money back
Hey, don't worry about it tonight
I will help you subvert
Liu Xin
Mr. Zhu
We are not happy that this happened.
What do you mean?
I seem to have said it just now
You guys are going to fight for a piece of junk.
And now it's going to cost 28 million dollars for this piece of junk.
Shouldn't we applaud?
Ah!
You belittle my collection over and over again
All of us here are cloud ink
Admirer of the Master
You are demeaning our beliefs
You are not welcome here now
Please get out of here.
Faith
A lie, you should believe it
Don't be nervous about my nickname
shut up
I gave you face, right?
Get out of here
how
Can't hold it anymore
Qingwei
Your friend is too much
Miss Song has been watching the play here for so long
Don't laugh
You are really amazing
But Miss Song doesn't want to say it
I'll take it then.
Master Yunmo's white crane salty incense is all genuine.
It has been in Miss Song's office
You don't believe me?
If you don't believe me, I can take it out for you.